all right we are here with trainer jeff
mayweather and one of his fighters bowie
to pile ten random questions guys you
ready all right right now
Bowie what do you listen to when you're
working I saw your headphones on and
Jeff what's uh what's in heavy rotation
on your phone well I mean this morning
what was a heavy rotation was my face
anyway look at my face how are you buoy
ringing all right next question Jeff
who's the most famous person you know
from Tonga and Bowie who's the most
famous person you know from Michigan
Gerald Ford
nobody's doing okay what what state our
country has the the best-looking women
that's the movement I think is Brazil
you can agree with that I don't know
Sydney Australia Australia all right
best show on TV right now is hardcore
pawn' no TV
all right the zombies are a lot in the
media lately have either one of you made
any preparations for an upcoming zombie
apocalypse talk about like doing fraud
eat me let's just move Jeff if you could
train one person that you've never
trained before and Bowie besides Jeff if
you could have one person train you who
would it be
pastor presence that's the president I
would love to Train mom and oddly
I don't know I haven't thought of
anybody right now was I Kannamma career
start with Jeff coming here to America
so I'll just go with that
all right who would put all right next
question if I one person could play you
in a movie who would it be me both of
you
obviously Luke who plays you in a movie
myself makes a big action star all right
do you boo Edie as a Mormon do you feel
obligated to support Mitt Romney and Jeb
is a black person you feel obligated to
support Obama it doesn't matter for
right now the way we live today if we
have to have a person who can lead the
country in a way that
then we can live in peace and harmony
well me back the white it's about who I
feel is the best person honestly I
didn't feel you don't like Mormons
anyway right all right it was nice of
the best but who was the most exciting
fighter for you to watch who would you
never miss her fights
I don't event Holyfield Holyfield
alright last question for you guys do
you like winning more or hate losing
more I'll say you hate losing more or
like winning but but what's it went in
but I don't mind losing a few teams all
right thanks guys that was general
question jeff mayweather and Bowie tupa